Update to bevy 0.16-dev (#428)
projectharmonia/bevy_replicon: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - All serde methods now use `bevy::ecs::error::Result` instead of `bincode::Result` for more informative errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All serde methods now use `postcard::Result` instead of `bincode::Result` for more informative errors.
```
